Adds webhooks docs (#21)
connectedcars/docs: webhooks.md

# Webhook integration

## Endpoints

Events will be pushed to the endpoint URL defined in organization settings in the workshop tool. Preferably the URL contains some non-guessable string unique to this integration.

Request Headers:
* `X-Request-Id`: Identifier for this request

Acceptable return HTTP codes:
* 200: Messages have been consumed successfully
* not 200: Something went wrong, retry

> Requests will be retried 3 times after 20 seconds delay. If no response is received on the first 3 retry attempts, each following attempt is made afterwards with an exponential back off starting at 2 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests will be retried 3 times after 20 seconds delay. If no response is received on the first 3 retry attempts, each following attempt is made afterwards with an exponential backoff starting at 2 minutes.
```

> Messages will be one at a time. Order is not guaranteed, but timestamps are included in the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages will be sent one at a time. Order is not guaranteed, but timestamps are included in the messages.
```

> Requests should only be rejected in case you have issues parsing, validating or storing the event, for example not recognizing the VIN should not result in rejection as this is a configuration synchronization issue and not related to the transfer of the messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests should only be rejected in case you have issues parsing, validating or storing the event, for example not recognizing the VIN should not result in a rejection as this is a configuration synchronization issue and not related to the transfer of the messages.
```

## Event structure

> Every event will also contain an event identifier, the type of event, a timestamp and a data object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every event will contain an event identifier, the type of event, a timestamp and a data object.
```

> The timestamp is when the action triggering the webhook occurred. The data object might be an empty object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timestamp defines when the action triggering the webhook occurred. The data object can be an empty object.
```
